you
hi I'm Tommy Bolin the Ben NYC I'm here
to talk about some great products from
follies musical essentials which are
distributed by alfred Music Publishing
stick around and check them out got a
lot of stuff to tell you a great product
here follows is the Woody's guitar hang
on now these are made of water clear
polycarbonate plastic which allow you to
mount any guitar on the wall the display
desired maybe you got that really cool
guitar you want to show in your studio
there you got one with some cool water
gas on it you want to show a real simple
these two pieces here click right onto
your strap button there clicks on the
other strap button there and then that
will secure your guitar now these mount
to the wall you don't need to stutter or
any special installation tools simple
screws that it supplied with it will do
the trick now this comes in three
different models if you have the strap
button here strap button on the back or
the angled headstock definitely a really
cool thing to have you can get this over
there Carly's
another great product here is a stage
player too now this doubles not only as
a stool or as a guitarist and this is
great possessions backstage areas or if
you got a store and you want to store
display absolutely a great idea the
guitar is on the stand with a stool
right there to invite the person to play
it as you can see I got my foot right
there on the foot rest so I can sit here
and jam and have no problem just
accommodating that now if you're
traveling a simple switch right on it
pull the pull pin folds right up and you
can see it's built the metal ready for
the road durable and with the patented
top and the padded cushion here to put
down the leg rest for a guitar right on
it and now you've got to stand doubled
up with your foot switch is stool here
as well which is better than leaning at
your ramp you know that's going to
happen that's me just slide right off be
a disaster absolutely i need to
recommend this wholeheartedly endorse it
another great product different follies
is a JP guitar tool otherwise known as a
journeyman precision tool now this is
the must-have accessory if you've got an
electric guitar a base or an acoustic
guitar anything which strange that
you're using now this is made a 3-2
series stainless steel so it's never
going to rust on you the cutter inside
is carbide steel so don't even cut bass
strings that's stronger than titanium or
any stainless steel out there comes
equipped with the 4 most popular allen
keys you'll need even a bridge pin
puller so if you have an acoustic guitar
you can pull the bridge pin tucks right
into the handle there and really what
you definitely is a must have you got a
flat head screwdriver and a Phillips
screwdriver and these are never stripped
out these are hardened steel this is
absolutely a must have for anybody with
electric guitar the JP guitar tool
Farley's
another great product here for all these
essentials is the guitar wheel now you
might have seen me an answer this this
is the ultimate theory reference guide
as much information in the book you find
right here in this little wheel this is
great for schools colleges universities
the ultimate teaching tool whether
you're vocalist a guitar player anybody
trying to learn more about harmony a
theory it's two-sided got a wealth of
information absolutely worth checking
out you won't believe it once you start
studying it's absolutely going to turn
you around it's a whole bunch of new
directions on theory and also it's a
great stuff check it out now you may
have also noticed I got right here on
this guitar a little clearer thing here
called the pic pod now this is holding
two guitar picks at all times you get
two to a package they can stick one
right in your wallet or one right on
your guitar for any particular guitar
you have because it removes very easily
with a little dot of 3m sticker tape
well this is absolutely great thing
never be without a pic again absolutely
a great accessory to have on your guitar
check it out
and
and all these products are I've been
talking about or velvet Alfred com or
your favorite music retailer check them
out
no I was gonna get some of this handy
dandy stuff here why does our joy I know
where you live